Hi Giles,

If you could please review these full texts and decide whether or not you should exlude them based on the following criteria.
    1: "Full text not available in English.",
    2: "Studies not focusing on intentional ingestion of foreign object via the oral cavity (mouth).",
    3: "Studies focussing solely on accidental ingestion.",
    4: "Non-Human/Animal studies.",
    5: "Reviews, editorials, commentaries, and opinion pieces without original empirical data.",
    6: "Duplicate publications or studies with overlapping data sets (the most comprehensive or recent study will be included).",
    7: "Studies focusing on ingestion of substances (e.g. poisons, medications) rather than physical foreign objects.",
    8: "Ingestions undertaken in controlled environment as part of voluntary study.",
    9: "Ingestions not explicitly stated to be intentional."

Steps to take in preperation for reviewing:
    1. Download Zotero to your computer.
    2. Import the accompanying .ris file to Zotero. This will have the accompanying PDFs for the paper.

Steps to take when reviewing:
    1. Read full text.
    2. Record True in the "Exclude" column if you wish to exclude a paper according to the exclusion criteria (above), False if not.
    3. Record Reason for exclusion in "Reason ID" column. The numbering should correspond to that given in the list of exclusion criteria.
    4. Record True in the "Paediatric" column if the population of the study is <18 years of age, False if not.
    5. Record True in the "Intention Reported" column if an intention is reported, False otherwise.
    6. Record True in the "Deliberate Intention" column if the recorded intention is deliberate, False if not deliberate.
    7. Record True in the "Unclear" column if you're not clear wheter to include of exclude.
    8. Record the date you accessed the paper in the "Accessed" column (YYYY-MM-DD).
    9. Record any comments in the "Comments" column.
    10. If you are unsure to exclude, please include and mark True in the "Unclear" column.

Cheers,

Jack